{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is Natural Language Processing? \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0            NLP is a component of AI that allows computers to understand human language.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
NLP pipeline for text analytics. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0            Data Acquisition, Text Cleaning, Preprocessing, Feature Extraction , Training Model, Testing, Deployment 
\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is stemming? \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Stemming is the process where we transform the word to its base form. It\'92s a way of cutting a suffix or in another word - removing the affixes. Example: driving , drives, driven is drive. However, stemming has some limitations mostly because it looks for prefixes and suffixes  and removes only that part without taking into an account the meaning of the word itself. For example: studies cutting of -es can end up like studi.
\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is lemmatization? \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
           Lemmatization is also process where we transform the word to its base form, however the difference is, Lemmatizauon takes into consideration the morphological analysis of the word.
\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0    5.  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
API design, REST \'97 main principles.  
\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
           Api is a way to make two software to talk to each other. .Rest has 5 main principles: Contract first approach\'92s / Uniform Resourse identifiers (a way of simplifying the architecture), Statelessnes (Means server do not store any client context between each request ), Client-Server model (Separating the user interface from the data storage and business logic) , Caching (Procedure that happens after Stateless,if a request is stateless and have all the information necessary for the server to produce a result, then result can be cached) ,  Layered architecture (Mean client does not need to know if its directly connected to the server,). 
\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
}